[12.0][IMP] procurement_purchase_no_grouping: Add product_category in procured_purchase_grouping field (#1052)
OCA/purchase-workflow: procurement_purchase_no_grouping/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

* *No line grouping*: With this value, if there are any open purchase order
  for the same supplier, it will be reused, but lines won't be merged.
* *No order grouping*: This option will prevent any kind of grouping.

> * *Product category*: This option grouping lines by product category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Product category grouping*: This option groups products in the same purchase order that belongs to the same product category.
```
